hey get lassie guys so I know it's been
a few months since I've done a tour of
you we've been kind of busy with my
stop-motion film and all and you know it
takes time in college and everything but
I did have the chance to pick up the
play arts kai mgs Peace Walker naked
snake in his at sneaking suit obviously
found the box but i just wanted to show
off the box real quick it's slightly
bigger than your usual play arts
packaging it's very nice the plastic
that uses kind of its glossy type of a
plastic was very impressed with it
because usually they just give you this
white or black box I've got you know
details all over the side here you can
see the wait right here right here too
so enough of the boxes get on to the
figure so here we have a big boss or
naked snake however you want to call him
in his play arts kai form and I have to
say wow this is probably the most
impressive figure I've purchased in a
while and that's saying something
because you know I collect hot toys a
lot but I was just impressed on the
detail of this figure and just
everything about him is just amazing um
let's do a little size comparison here
that's how big this guy is he just oh my
he's huge and I have him in this sort of
crouching position here he's not staying
all the way he stands it at about 5 10
inches tall were snake here's solid
snake here stands about four and a half
five inches so
yeah it's crazy stuff he is probably the
most articulated 10 inch figure I've
ever owned big boss has a ball socket on
his head so you know it can rotate 360
degrees he has ball socket on his
shoulders but it's crazy because
technically he has two joints on his
shoulder one that lets it go back and
forth and then one that actually you
know lets it go upwards so its immense
articulation on this honor he has a
swivel bicep here as you can tell and a
ball hinged wrist which you have to be
very careful when exchanging his fist
hand with the is a gun holding half
because the ball joint is slightly loose
it's not extremely loose but I'd be
careful this one part really impressed
me and it's the S the ball socket or so
it has a wide range of motion and he
also has a well he has to ball sockets
one on the upper AB abdomen area and
then lower and lower waist area which
are both highly poseable and we we have
the usual ball hinged knees that that we
saw with the earlier releases of the
play arts figures ball socket inner
thigh and we have a swivel thigh right
here and then we have a swivel mid foot
and a ball jointed a foot pretty much
right here
is ankle do be careful though it can get
very loose the detail is just crazy I
mean you can look at the back here you
can see all his see his canteen area
where he keeps all his supplies and then
next ripping a gun holster here and um
yeah you know you can see it comes with
this gun here snake also comes with a
riot shield he does come packaged with
that fist to the hands but you're going
to want to keep fit the gun holding
hands obviously if you were to get one
figure from the playout skyline I
recommend this first you know I just
wanted to let you guys know about this
great figure and pick him up if you have
a chance pick this guy please you will
not regret this alright guys thanks for
watching my review don't forget to
subscribe and
comments and thanks a lot all right
adios you know you may think you're all
cool cuz you're bigger than me but I
have something you don't have and what
would that be friends my size